Zscaler bug (#12272)
demisto/content: Packs/Zscaler/ReleaseNotes/1_1_5.md

#### Integrations
##### Zscaler

> - Fixed an issue where **zscaler-category-add-url** and **zscaler-category-remove-url** were failing on large categories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where ***zscaler-category-add-url*** and ***zscaler-category-remove-url*** commands were failing on large categories.
```

Please make sure to follow the documentation https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/documentation/release-notes#entities-marks-in-the-rn

> - Fixed an issue where ***zscaler-category-add-url*** and ***zscaler-category-remove-url*** commands were failing on large categories.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***zscaler-category-add-url*** and ***zscaler-category-remove-url*** commands would fail on large categories.
```
